What time now?
Ah, okay. She says she doesn't want to talk about food anymore. She's getting hungry.
On the hill or on campus? I can't talk about the hill. I mean the campus.
you
uff. Oh my god. She's like a hooligan.
okay
I've never had it.
mmm..
mmm. yeah yeah yeah. We that balance me on
The work? Is that in the book? oh....
I like the donut from Jimmy's because that's the only thing I've had.
oh you were the one that didn't like it that was sirel because he said it was too little. oh
Who knows I was too? Who told me it had too little?
I think it was him. Okay, he likes it, but he said the portion is too small.
For like the price? Oh, okay. Is it like $17?
For Pokie?
damn
ohhh
For the small.
oh okay okay okay yeah yeah oh so it's like barely over two
Ohh
$19? Wait, $19 is a lot actually. That's crazy.
That's true, that's true
I mean you have so many right now, right? You might as well.
I need to use wipes too. Oh ***
mmmm
You gave somewhere. right?
That sounds good. ohh
It's fine. yeah
It depends on the day. ahhh...., mmm
It's not as good. Yeah
Excuse me
Blaze is pretty good.
A lot of variety.
oh really? what did you get? pasta? oh yeah yeah
You don't get the pizza? No.
Have you ever had? You have the pizza with me once. The pizza is so good.
It is used. Oh so can like you're wasting it, yeah
Labs and stuff? mmhmm
Yeah, for sure.
mmhmm mmhmm
mm, Oh, you did that once with the seafood one. That was not good.
That was not good at all. Yeah.
It was like really spicy, which just wasn't good.
But now they're closed. It's because they they're broke.
Well. Do you think money. Not enough as like not as much as like out other
Places they have I'm sure this is just a college campus, or
They haven't said. And also they take forever to build.
I don't think they're going to do a Chipotle. I think Chipotle is too big. I don't know.
Chilli's are expensive
Chili's just expensive in general. I don't think they would do Chipotle
I don't think Chipotle really like Chipotle doesn't need to be on UCLA. You know what I mean?
Yeah, literally. And it's Chipotle, I don't think they're...
mmm... How did you know?
I never thought about I don't eat there anyway, so it doesn't matter to me
How I ?
next year i'm not gonna bring food i don't have the money to pay for that
It's so expensive on the campus.
You mean, like, on campus? Oh, you, ah yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah